[BLD-39345] - added partly dark mode support + collapsible sidebar (#3)
Logmein-Bold-Mobile/bold360-mobile-docs-android: DarkModeSupport.md

#  Dark Mode Support

> Currently `Dark Theme` is not yet being formally supported, but this can be done as follows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently `Dark Theme` is not formally supported by the SDK.    
In order to have the chat in dark theme, see the following instructions.
```

> ## How to customize

Reviewer: redundant
